Truong Khai Dong, why can't you remember for long?
It was hard to get a life back.
You do not know how to appreciate
Still dangling in front of me.
Oh my gosh, I see you really like giving.
Young Master Giang, do you have anything to say to this trash?
He brought himself to the door.
Didn't you just happen to be here?
Or is it you, San?
We used to love each other.
I didn't expect to treat someone like that.
Truong Huc Dong
You feel too good about yourself, don't you?
You also don't pee and take care of yourself.
Holding hands must talk about love
Love, look at you.
Even if Giang is half gone, we won't be able to keep up.
Today's Sponsor
But sooner or later you will regret it.
Giang Thieu he is just a fierce dog.
I'll make him kneel down and apologize to you later.
Zhang Xudong, when can you hit like that?
Don't worry, you'll find out soon enough.
You dare hit me.
Thuy Quan, how dare you hit me?